socks is ip  protocol
routes network packets from client to server through a proxy server
provide means to authenticate
standard for circuit level gateways
another usage of socks is as a circumvention tool, which allows access of blocked content  

circuit level gateways: 
"1.monitor tcp handshaking to determine whether the session in legitimate,
2. circuit level gateway firewall applications conceal the network from imposters
3. usually cheap and use to protect the identity of the private network they protect
4. they do not filter individual  packets
"

Tor (The onion router)
A free software developed to conceal the user's identity ad internet activity from external world.
It uses a multi-layered encryption  to transfer the data  from source to destination.
It uses a network of relays to decrypt the data step by step and prevents the user identity and internet activity from being monitored or accessed
The network relays are hosted by volunteers and the last relay in the network is responsible for decrypting the last layer and the transferring data to destination
The term onion routing refers to the layers of routing like layers of onion, used to anonymize the communication.
Tor encrypts the original data including the destination IP address and sends it through a virtual circuit made or randomly selected TOR relays.
Each relay decrypts a layer in the data only to reveal next relay the remaining encrypted data.
The last relay in the network decrypts the last layer 
It is an implementation of onion relay which bounces communication through a randomly selected relays hosted by volunteers around the globe.


IPTables test

iptables -t nat -A OUTPUT -m owner --uid-owner u0_a56 -j ACCEPT
iptables -t nat -A OUTPUT -p 6 --dport 80 -j DNAT --to 127.0.0.1:8080


Application features
1. Choose application to monitor 
2. start/stop monitoring
3. create log file using log4j
4. admob
5. server home page
6. show logs
7. settings (preferences) 1. log file size 2. purge time 3. delete logs 4. logs folder